For example, I went to MIT, but yeah, I
think half of the people who graduate
with a CS degree, they they can't even
code. And second, if you actually take
the folks from MIT who can code, they're
actually just going to try to cheat you.
They're going to sell their accounts to
somebody in a third world country.
They're going to try to use LMS to
generate the data for you. They're going
to come up with all these crazy methods
to cheat a system. So, it's also this
really really challenging problem to
detect low quality. It's actually really
adversarial. And so what we found is
that when you want to get the highest
quality data to train alms that are
already, you know, super intelligent,
you actually need to build a ton of
really sophisticated algorithms. People
often think that humans are smart and so
if you just throw a bunch of humans at
the problem, you'll get good data. And
what we found is that that is completely
untrue.